DOCS-1367: Update I2C attributes for mpu6050 (#2298)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/movement-sensor/mpu6050.md

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Name                  | Type    | Inclusion    | Description |
| --------------------- | ------- | ------------ | ----------- |

> | `i2c_bus`             | string  | **Required** | The index of the [I<sup>2</sup>C bus configured](/components/board/#i2cs) on your [board](/components/board/) wired to this device. |

Reviewer: It's no longer configured on your board. I'd rephrase this part some more. I liked the phrasing in https://github.com/viamrobotics/docs/pull/2297/files: "The index of the [I2C bus] on the board that the sensor is wired to."

Reviewer: :exploding_head: This file uses `I<sup>2</sup>C`, while the one in https://github.com/viamrobotics/docs/pull/2297 just uses I2C! I don't know which one we prefer, but I think they should be consistent from one to the other.

> | `i2c_bus`             | string  | **Required** | The index of the [I<sup>2</sup>C bus configured](/components/board/#i2cs) on your [board](/components/board/) wired to this device. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `i2c_bus`             | string  | **Required** | The index of the [I<sup>2</sup>C bus](/components/board/#i2cs) on the [board](/components/board/) that your movement sensor is wired to. |
```
